# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml --python-platform linux
adlfs==2024.7.0
    # via flytekit
aiobotocore==2.15.2
    # via s3fs
aiofiles==24.1.0
    # via union
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.3
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.10.10
    # via
    #   adlfs
    #   aiobotocore
    #   fsspec
    #   gcsfs
    #   s3fs
aioitertools==0.12.0
    # via aiobotocore
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonlines
azure-core==1.31.0
    # via
    #   adlfs
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-storage-blob
azure-datalake-store==0.0.53
    # via adlfs
azure-identity==1.19.0
    # via adlfs
azure-storage-blob==12.23.1
    # via adlfs
backports-tarfile==1.2.0
    # via jaraco-context
botocore==1.35.36
    # via aiobotocore
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   azure-datalake-store
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   flytekit
    #   rich-click
    #   union
    #   wandb
cloudpickle==3.1.0
    # via
    #   flytekit
    #   tensordict
croniter==3.0.3
    # via flytekit
cryptography==43.0.1
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
    #   secretstorage
dataclasses-json==0.5.9
    # via flytekit
decorator==4.4.2
    # via
    #   gcsfs
    #   moviepy
diskcache==5.6.3
    # via flytekit
docker==7.1.0
    # via flytekit
docker-pycreds==0.4.0
    # via wandb
docstring-parser==0.16
    # via flytekit
envd==0.3.45
    # via flytekitplugins-envd
faker==30.5.0
    # via nerf (pyproject.toml)
ffmpeg==1.4
    # via nerf (pyproject.toml)
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   torch
    #   triton
flyteidl==1.13.4
    # via
    #   flytekit
    #   union
flytekit==1.13.8
    # via
    #   nerf (pyproject.toml)
    #   flytekitplugins-deck-standard
    #   flytekitplugins-envd
    #   union
flytekitplugins-deck-standard==1.13.8
    # via nerf (pyproject.toml)
flytekitplugins-envd==1.13.8
    # via nerf (pyproject.toml)
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.9.0
    # via
    #   adlfs
    #   flytekit
    #   gcsfs
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   s3fs
    #   torch
    #   union
gcsfs==2024.9.0.post1
    # via flytekit
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.43
    # via wandb
google-api-core==2.21.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth==2.35.0
    # via
    #   gcsfs
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth-oauthlib==1.2.1
    # via gcsfs
google-cloud-core==2.4.1
    # via google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-storage==2.18.2
    # via gcsfs
google-crc32c==1.6.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.65.0
    # via
    #   flyteidl
    #   flytekit
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
    #   protoc-gen-openapiv2
    #   union
grpcio==1.67.0
    # via
    #   flytekit
    #   grpcio-status
    #   union
grpcio-status==1.67.0
    # via
    #   flytekit
    #   union
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imageio==2.36.0
    # via moviepy
imageio-ffmpeg==0.5.1
    # via moviepy
importlib-metadata==8.5.0
    # via
    #   flytekit
    #   keyring
    #   union
isodate==0.7.2
    # via azure-storage-blob
jaraco-classes==3.4.0
    # via keyring
jaraco-context==6.0.1
    # via keyring
jaraco-functools==4.1.0
    # via keyring
jeepney==0.8.0
    # via
    #   keyring
    #   secretstorage
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   torch
    #   union
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via botocore
joblib==1.4.2
    # via flytekit
jsonlines==4.0.0
    # via flytekit
jsonpickle==3.3.0
    # via flytekit
keyring==25.4.1
    # via
    #   flytekit
    #   union
lightning==2.4.0
    # via nerf (pyproject.toml)
lightning-utilities==0.11.8
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   flytekit
    #   rich
markupsafe==3.0.1
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.22.0
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   marshmallow-enum
    #   marshmallow-jsonschema
marshmallow-enum==1.5.1
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   flytekit
marshmallow-jsonschema==0.13.0
    # via flytekit
mashumaro==3.13.1
    # via
    #   flytekit
    #   union
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
more-itertools==10.5.0
    # via
    #   jaraco-classes
    #   jaraco-functools
moviepy==1.0.3
    # via nerf (pyproject.toml)
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msal==1.31.0
    # via
    #   azure-datalake-store
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==1.2.0
    # via azure-identity
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
networkx==3.4.1
    # via torch
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   nerf (pyproject.toml)
    #   imageio
    #   moviepy
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   tensordict
    #   torchmetrics
nvidia-cublas-cu12==12.1.3.1
    # via
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12==12.1.105
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12==12.1.105
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12==12.1.105
    # via torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu12==9.1.0.70
    # via torch
nvidia-cufft-cu12==11.0.2.54
    # via torch
nvidia-curand-cu12==10.3.2.106
    # via torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.4.5.107
    # via torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu12==12.1.0.106
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.20.5
    # via torch
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12==12.6.77
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu12
nvidia-nvtx-cu12==12.1.105
    # via torch
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
orjson==3.10.7
    # via tensordict
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   marshmallow
    #   plotly
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
pandas==2.2.3
    # via nerf (pyproject.toml)
pillow==11.0.0
    # via
    #   nerf (pyproject.toml)
    #   imageio
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via wandb
plotly==5.24.1
    # via nerf (pyproject.toml)
polars==1.9.0
    # via nerf (pyproject.toml)
portalocker==2.10.1
    # via msal-extensions
proglog==0.1.10
    # via moviepy
propcache==0.2.0
    # via yarl
proto-plus==1.24.0
    # via google-api-core
protobuf==5.28.2
    # via
    #   flyteidl
    #   flytekit
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
    #   protoc-gen-openapiv2
    #   wandb
protoc-gen-openapiv2==0.0.1
    # via flyteidl
psutil==6.0.0
    # via wandb
pyarrow==17.0.0
    # via nerf (pyproject.toml)
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.9.2
    # via nerf (pyproject.toml)
pydantic-core==2.23.4
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   flytekit
    #   rich
pyjwt==2.9.0
    # via msal
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   croniter
    #   faker
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via flytekit
pytimeparse==1.1.8
    # via flytekit
pytorch-lightning==2.4.0
    # via lightning
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   croniter
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   flytekit
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   union
    #   wandb
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-datalake-store
    #   docker
    #   flytekit
    #   gcsfs
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   moviepy
    #   msal
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   wandb
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rich==13.9.2
    # via
    #   flytekit
    #   rich-click
    #   union
rich-click==1.8.3
    # via
    #   flytekit
    #   union
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
s3fs==2024.9.0
    # via flytekit
secretstorage==3.3.3
    # via keyring
sentry-sdk==2.16.0
    # via
    #   union
    #   wandb
setproctitle==1.3.3
    # via wandb
setuptools==75.2.0
    # via
    #   imageio-ffmpeg
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   wandb
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   docker-pycreds
    #   python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
statsd==4.0.1
    # via flytekit
sympy==1.13.3
    # via torch
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via plotly
tensordict==0.5.0
    # via nerf (pyproject.toml)
torch==2.4.1
    # via
    #   nerf (pyproject.toml)
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   tensordict
    #   torchmetrics
torchmetrics==1.4.3
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
tqdm==4.66.5
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   moviepy
    #   proglog
    #   pytorch-lightning
triton==3.0.0
    # via torch
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   faker
    #   flytekit
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   mashumaro
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   rich-click
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspect
    #   union
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
tzdata==2024.2
    # via pandas
union==0.1.85
    # via nerf (pyproject.toml)
unionai-actor==0.1.2
    # via union
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   docker
    #   flytekit
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
wandb==0.18.3
    # via nerf (pyproject.toml)
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via aiobotocore
yarl==1.15.3
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.20.2
    # via importlib-metadata
